acinetobacter antiviralis
acinetobacter indicus
acinetobacter marinus
actinocatenispora silicis
actinomadura maheshkhaliensis
actinomyces naturae
aerococcus viridans
agromyces salentinus
alkalibacterium subtropicum
caloramator mitchellensis
caloramator uzoniensis
carnobacterium inhibens
chondromyces pediculatus
clostridium proteolyticus
coraliomargarita akajimensis
corynebacterium doosanense
desulfomonile tiedjei
enterobacter amnigenus
enterobacter nickellidurans
enterobacter soli
luteibacter anthropi
maricaulis indicus
microbacterium maritypicum
mycoplasma timone
nonomuraea asiatica
nostoc piscinale
planococcus columbae
polaribacter butkevichii
proteus hauseri
providencia rettgeri
psychrobacter cibarius
rhodococcus globerulus
rhodococcus kyotonensis
rubellimicrobium roseum
sedimentibacter hydroxybenzoicus
snowella rosea
staphylococcus auricularis
staphylococcus massiliensis
streptococcus tigurinus
tetragenococcus doogicus
thiothrix fructosivorans
vagococcus lutrae
veillonella atypica
yersinia nurmii
