acetobacterium submarinus
acholeplasma ales
acholeplasma cavigenitalium
acholeplasma palmae
achromobacter piechaudii
acidiphilium symbioticum
acidisoma tundrae
acidocella aluminiidurans
acidovorax anthurii
acidovorax wohlfahrtii
acinetobacter antiviralis
acinetobacter baylyi
acinetobacter beijerinckii
acinetobacter gerneri
acinetobacter guillouiae
acinetobacter indicus
acinetobacter marinus
acinetobacter psychrotolerans
acinetobacter radioresistens
acinetobacter seohaensis
acinetobacter tjernbergiae
acinetobacter xiamenensis
actinoallomurus amamiensis
actinoallomurus luridus
actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae
actinobacillus porcinus
actinobacillus rossii
actinobaculum suis
actinocatenispora silicis
actinocatenispora thailandica
actinocorallia herbida
actinokineospora inagensis
actinomadura latina
actinomadura maheshkhaliensis
actinomyces lingnae
actinomyces naturae
actinomyces suimastitidis
actinomyces turicensis
actinomycetospora iriomotensis
actinoplanes auranticolor
actinoplanes pallidoaurantiacus
actinopolymorpha alba
actinopolymorpha rutila
actinopolyspora indiensis
actinopolyspora salina
aerococcus viridans
aeromicrobium alkaliterrae
aeromicrobium ponti
agrobacterium albertimagni
agrobacterium larrymoorei
agrobacterium tumefaciens
agrobacterium undicola
agrobacterium viscosum
agrococcus citreus
agrococcus terreus
agrococcus versicolor
agromyces bracchium
agromyces fucosus
agromyces italicus
agromyces neolithicus
agromyces ramosus
agromyces salentinus
agromyces succinolyticus
agromyces terreus
alcanivorax indicus
alkalibacillus haloalkaliphilus
alkalibacillus salilacus
alkalibacterium subtropicum
alkaliphilus crotonatoxidans
alkaliphilus peptidifermentans
allochromatium palmeri
alloscardovia omnicolens
amaricoccus kaplicensis
amaricoccus macauensis
aminiphilus circumscriptus
aminobacter aganoensis
aminobacter aminovorans
aminobacter ciceronei
ammonifex thiophilus
amphritea atlantica
amycolatopsis helveola
amycolatopsis jejuensis
amycolatopsis methanolica
amycolatopsis pigmentata
amycolatopsis ultiminotia
anaerobacillus alkalilacustre
anaerobranca zavarzinii
anaerococcus lactolyticus
anaerococcus octavius
anaerococcus vaginalis
anaerolinea thermolimosa
anaeromusa acidaminophila
ancylobacter aquaticus
ancylobacter rudongensis
anoxybacillus amylolyticus
anoxybacillus ayderensis
anoxybacillus eryuanensis
anoxybacillus kualawohkensis
anoxybacillus tengchongensis
arcanobacterium bernardiae
arcanobacterium phocae
arcobacter marinus
arcobacter skirrowii
arenimonas malthae
arthrobacter halodurans
arthrobacter psychrochitiniphilus
arthrobacter psychrolactophilus
arthrobacter soli
arthrobacter stackebrandtii
arthrobacter uratoxydans
arthrospira fusiformis
asticcacaulis benevestitus
atopobium fossor
atopobium parvulum
aurantimonas litoralis
avibacterium avium
azomonas insignis
azorhizophilus paspali
azospira restricta
azospirillum palatum
azospirillum rugosum
bacillus alkalogaya
bacillus aminovorans
bacillus anthracis
bacillus azotoformans
bacillus badius
bacillus butanolivorans
bacillus deserti
bacillus djibelorensis
bacillus ferrariarum
bacillus hackensackii
bacillus horneckiae
bacillus infantis
bacillus isabeliae
bacillus methanolicus
bacillus mucilaginosus
bacillus murimartini
bacillus okhensis
bacillus olivae
bacillus oryzae
bacillus pseudomegaterium
bacillus shandongensis
bacillus siralis
bacteroides coprosuis
bacteroides graminisolvens
bacteroides propionicifaciens
bacteroides rodentium
bacteroides sartorii
bacteroides stercorirosoris
bacteroides xylanisolvens
bartonella rochalimae
bdellovibrio bacteriovorus
bdellovibrio exovorus
bellilinea caldifistulae
bifidobacterium asteroides
bifidobacterium bombi
bifidobacterium indicum
bifidobacterium magnum
bifidobacterium scardovii
bifidobacterium subtile
blastochloris gulmargensis
blastomonas natatoria
blautia coccoides
borrelia anserina
brachybacterium arcticum
brachybacterium squillarum
brachyspira ibaraki
bradyrhizobium elkanii
bradyrhizobium japonicum
bradyrhizobium jicamae
bradyrhizobium liaoningense
bradyrhizobium pachyrhizi
brevibacillus ginsengisoli
brevibacterium album
brevibacterium mcbrellneri
brevibacterium samyangense
brevundimonas diminuta
brevundimonas olei
brevundimonas staleyi
brevundimonas terrae
brochothrix thermosphacta
bulleidia moorei
burkholderia brasilensis
burkholderia seminalis
burkholderia ubonensis
caldanaerobacter hydrothermalis
caldilinea tarbellica
caldithrix palaeochoryensis
caloramator mitchellensis
caloramator uzoniensis
calothrix brevissima
calothrix parietina
campylobacter canadensis
candidatus amoebophilus asiaticus
candidatus blochmannia castaneus
candidatus blochmannia herculeanus
candidatus blochmannia rufipes
candidatus blochmannia vafer
candidatus contubernalis alkalaceticum
candidatus endobugula glebosa
candidatus endobugula sertula
candidatus liberibacter africanus
candidatus liberibacter solanacearum
candidatus phlomobacter fragariae
candidatus phytoplasma phoenicium
candidatus phytoplasma prunorum
candidatus rhabdochlamydia crassificans
candidatus scalindua brodae
candidatus tammella caduceiae
carboxydocella ferrireducens
carnobacterium divergens
carnobacterium funditum
carnobacterium gallinarum
carnobacterium inhibens
carnobacterium maltaromaticum
carnobacterium mobile
caulobacter crescentus
caulobacter henricii
caulobacter tundrae
caulobacter vibrioides
cellulomonas composti
cellulomonas flavigena
cellulomonas oligotrophica
cellulomonas xylanilytica
cellvibrio ostraviensis
cerasicoccus arenae
cetobacterium ceti
chelatococcus daeguensis
chelonobacter oris
chitinophaga soli
chondromyces pediculatus
chromatium weissei
chromobacterium haemolyticum
chromobacterium piscinae
chroococcus minutus
chryseobacterium culicis
chryseobacterium hungaricum
chryseobacterium soli
chryseobacterium taichungense
chthoniobacter flavus
citricoccus muralis
citrobacter freundii
citrobacter werkmanii
clostridium acetireducens
clostridium aestuarii
clostridium algidicarnis
clostridium alkalicellulosi
clostridium botulinum
clostridium bovipellis
clostridium cadaveris
clostridium caenicola
clostridium caliptrosporum
clostridium carboxidivorans
clostridium cavendishii
clostridium chromoreductans
clostridium collagenovorans
clostridium fallax
clostridium frigidicarnis
clostridium frigoris
clostridium gasigenes
clostridium haemolyticum
clostridium histolyticum
clostridium homopropionicum
clostridium hveragerdense
clostridium limosum
clostridium malenominatum
clostridium mesophilum
clostridium novyi
clostridium proteolyticum
clostridium proteolyticus
clostridium putrefaciens
clostridium sulfidigenes
clostridium taeniosporum
clostridium tepidiprofundi
clostridium tetanomorphum
clostridium thermoalcaliphilum
clostridium thermosuccinogenes
clostridium uliginosum
cohnella damuensis
cohnella hongkongensis
cohnella laeviribosi
cohnella phaseoli
cohnella soli
coraliomargarita akajimensis
corynebacterium accolens
corynebacterium acetoacidophilum
corynebacterium appendicis
corynebacterium argentoratense
corynebacterium atypicum
corynebacterium canis
corynebacterium coyleae
corynebacterium doosanense
corynebacterium falsenii
corynebacterium fastidiosum
corynebacterium flavescens
corynebacterium genitalium
corynebacterium glucuronolyticum
corynebacterium halotolerans
corynebacterium hansenii
corynebacterium jeikeium
corynebacterium kroppenstedtii
corynebacterium kutscheri
corynebacterium lipophiloflavum
corynebacterium marinum
corynebacterium minutissimum
corynebacterium mustelae
corynebacterium nuruki
corynebacterium propinquum
corynebacterium pseudogenitalium
corynebacterium pyruviciproducens
corynebacterium resistens
corynebacterium timonense
corynebacterium tuberculostearicum
corynebacterium ulceribovis
corynebacterium ureicelerivorans
corynebacterium vitaeruminis
crenothrix polyspora
cryocola antiquus
cryptosporangium arvum
curtobacterium flaccumfaciens
curtobacterium pusillum
curvibacter gracilis
cyanobacterium aponinum
cycloclasticus oligotrophus
dactylosporangium maewongense
dechloromonas aromatica
dechloromonas hortensis
deferribacter autotrophicus
deinococcus claudionis
delftia acidovorans
delftia lacustris
delftia tsuruhatensis
demequina aurantiaca
demequina globuliformis
denitratisoma oestradiolicum
denitrobacter permanens
dermacoccus abyssi
dermacoccus nishinomiyaensis
desulfacinum subterraneum
desulfofrigus oceanense
desulfomonile tiedjei
desulfonatronum thiosulfatophilum
desulfonauticus autotrophicus
desulfosarcina ovata
desulfosporosinus auripigmenti
desulfosporosinus hippei
desulfosporosinus lacus
desulfotomaculum indicum
desulfovibrio butyratiphilus
desulfovibrio carbinolicus
desulfovibrio fairfieldensis
desulfovibrio ferrireducens
desulfovibrio ferrophilus
desulfovibrio longreachensis
desulfovibrio oryzae
desulfovibrio piger
desulfovibrio psychrotolerans
desulfurispirillum alkaliphilum
desulfurispora thermophila
desulfuromonas svalbardensis
desulfuromusa succinoxidans
devosia geojensis
devosia ginsengisoli
devosia hwasunensis
devosia limi
devosia terrae
devosia yakushimensis
dialister invisus
dietzia alimentaria
dietzia cercidiphylli
dietzia cinnamea
dietzia maris
dokdonella fugitiva
dyadobacter alkalitolerans
dysgonomonas capnocytophagoides
dysgonomonas hofstadii
dysgonomonas wimpennyi
ectothiorhodospira haloalkaliphila
ectothiorhodospira imhoffii
edaphobacter modestus
edwardsiella hoshinae
eggerthella sinensis
ehrlichia ovina
emticicia ginsengisoli
emticicia oligotrophica
enhydrobacter aerosaccus
enterobacter aceae
enterobacter aerogenes
enterobacter amnigenus
enterobacter asburiae
enterobacter cancerogenus
enterobacter cloacae
enterobacter hormaechei
enterobacter ludwigii
enterobacter nickellidurans
enterobacter soli
enterococcus asini
enterococcus camelliae
enterococcus dispar
enterococcus haemoperoxidus
enterococcus hawaiiensis
enterococcus hermanniensis
enterococcus lactis
enterococcus rottae
enterococcus silesiacus
enterococcus sulfureus
erwinia billingiae
erwinia mallotivora
erwinia papayae
erwinia rhapontici
erwinia tasmaniensis
erysipelothrix inopinata
erysipelothrix muris
erysipelothrix rhusiopathiae
erysipelothrix tonsillarum
erythrobacter aquimaris
escherichia albertii
eubacterium callanderi
euzebya tangerina
exiguobacterium antarcticum
exiguobacterium soli
exiguobacterium taiwanense
ferrimicrobium acidiphilum
ferrimonas kyonanensis
fervidobacterium islandicum
fervidobacterium pennivorans
finegoldia magna
flammeovirga pacifica
flavisolibacter ginsengisoli
flavobacterium algicola
flavobacterium antarcticum
flavobacterium aquidurense
flavobacterium chungangense
flavobacterium glycines
flavobacterium kamogawaensis
flavobacterium reichenbachii
flavobacterium resistens
flavobacterium saliperosum
flavobacterium succinicans
flavobacterium swingsii
flavobacterium terrigena
flavobacterium weaverense
francisella hispaniensis
frankia alni
frigoribacterium faeni
fructobacillus pseudoficulneus
fusobacterium gonidiaformans
fusobacterium naviforme
gallibacterium melopsittaci
gallionella ferruginea
gemella cunicula
geobacillus anatolicus
geobacillus kaue
geobacillus thermoglucosidans
geobacter argillaceus
geobacter hydrogenophilus
geobacter pickeringii
geobacter toluenoxydans
georgenia deserti
georgenia halophila
geothrix fermentans
glaciecola nitratireducens
gluconobacter krungthepensis
gluconobacter morbifer
glycomyces endophyticus
gordonia australis
gordonia jacobaea
granulicatella adiacens
granulicella tundricola
haemophilus parainfluenzae
haemophilus quentini
halanaerobacter chitinivorans
halanaerobium alcaliphilum
halanaerobium fermentans
haliangium tepidum
halomonas almeriensis
halomonas fontilapidosi
halomonas johnsoniae
halomonas neptunia
halomonas organivorans
halomonas sabkhae
halomonas sinaiensis
halorhodospira halochloris
halothiobacillus kellyi
helcococcus ovis
helicobacter suncus
heliorestis baculata
hydrocarboniphaga daqingensis
hydrogenophaga defluvii
hydrogenophilus denitrificans
hymenobacter gelipurpurascens
hyphomicrobium aestuarii
hyphomicrobium hollandicum
hyphomicrobium vulgare
hyphomonas hirschiana
hyphomonas oceanitis
ignatzschineria indica
ignatzschineria larvae
ignatzschineria ureiclastica
janibacter sanguinis
jannaschia donghaensis
jannaschia seohaensis
jannaschia seosinensis
jeotgalicoccus coquinae
jeotgalicoccus halotolerans
jiangella ginsengisoli
johnsonella ignava
kaistia granuli
kaistia soli
kaistobacter terrae
kineococcus gynurae
kineosporia mikuniensis
kitasatospora melanogena
kitasatospora paranensis
klebsiella granulomatis
klebsiella oxytoca
knoellia aerolata
kocuria assamensis
kocuria gwangalliensis
kocuria koreensis
kocuria rosea
kosmotoga arenicorallina
kribbella alba
kribbella ginsengisoli
kurthia gibsonii
kurthia sibirica
kurthia zopfii
kushneria aurantia
kushneria indalinina
lachnospira pectinoschiza
lactobacillus apis
lactobacillus brantae
lactobacillus camelliae
lactobacillus equi
lactobacillus faeni
lactobacillus fermentum
lactobacillus gigeriorum
lactobacillus guizhouensis
lactobacillus iners
lactobacillus intermedius
lactobacillus japonicus
lactobacillus jensenii
lactobacillus letivazi
lactobacillus manihotivorans
lactobacillus parakefiri
lactobacillus pentosus
lactobacillus plantarum
lactobacillus rhamnosus
lactobacillus senmaizukei
lactobacillus siliginis
lactobacillus similis
lactobacillus taiwanensis
lactobacillus thailandensis
lactobacillus tucceti
lactobacillus ultunensis
lactococcus fujiensis
lactococcus lactis
lautropia mirabilis
legionella shakespearei
legionella taurinensis
lentibacillus kapialis
lentibacillus salinarum
lentzea flavoverrucoides
lentzea waywayandensis
leptolyngbya antarctica
leptolyngbya laminosa
leptospira licerasiae
leptothrix discophora
leucobacter albus
leucobacter chironomi
leucobacter chromiiresistens
leucobacter komagatae
leucobacter luti
leuconostoc argentinum
leuconostoc carnosum
leuconostoc gelidum
leuconostoc mesenteroides
leuconostoc palmae
leucothrix mucor
lewinella lutea
lewinella marina
limnobacter litoralis
listeria innocua
litoricola lipolytica
litoricola marina
longilinea arvoryzae
luteibacter anthropi
luteibacter rhizovicinus
luteimonas lutimaris
luteimonas terricola
luteococcus peritonei
lysinibacillus boronitolerans
lysinibacillus cresolivorans
lysinibacillus fusiformis
lysinibacillus macroides
lysinibacillus parviboronicapiens
lysinibacillus xylanilyticus
lysobacter niabensis
macrococcus bovicus
macrococcus equipercicus
magnetospirillum bellicus
mannheimia caviae
maricaulis indicus
marichromatium gracile
marinobacter arcticus
marinobacter santoriniensis
marinobacter squalenivorans
marinobacter szutsaonensis
marinobacter vinifirmus
marinobacterium sediminicola
marinococcus salidurans
marinomonas arctica
marinomonas basaltis
marinomonas brasiliensis
marinomonas foliarum
marinomonas pontica
marinomonas ushuaiensis
megasphaera hominis
meiothermus granaticius
melissococcus plutonius
mesoplasma entomophilum
mesorhizobium camelthorni
mesorhizobium huakuii
mesorhizobium septentrionale
methanocorpusculum parvum
methylobacillus glycogenes
methylobacterium adhaesivum
methylobacterium dankookense
methylobacterium goesingense
methylobacterium gregans
methylobacterium hispanicum
methylobacterium longum
methylobacterium marchantiae
methylobacterium mesophilicum
methylobacterium phyllosphaerae
methylobacterium radiotolerans
methylomonas scandinavica
methylonatrum kenyense
methylosinus acidophilus
methylosinus pucelana
methyloversatilis universalis
microbacterium aurum
microbacterium binotii
microbacterium flavescens
microbacterium flavum
microbacterium foliorum
microbacterium gubbeenense
microbacterium halophilum
microbacterium hatanonis
microbacterium hydrocarbonoxydans
microbacterium ketosireducens
microbacterium koreense
microbacterium lacus
microbacterium marinilacus
microbacterium maritypicum
microbacterium paludicola
microbacterium pygmaeum
microbacterium ulmi
microbacterium xinjiangensis
microbulbifer okinawensis
micrococcus flavus
micrococcus luteus
micrococcus thailandicus
micrococcus yunnanensis
microcoleus antarcticus
microcystis panniformis
micromonospora brunnescens
micromonospora halophytica
micromonospora rifamycinica
microvirus enterobacteria phage phix174
moorella glycerini
moorella mulderi
moraxella caviae
morganella morganii
morganella psychrotolerans
moritella yayanosii
muricauda lutimaris
mycetocola lacteus
mycetocola reblochoni
mycobacterium coloregonium
mycobacterium frederiksbergense
mycobacterium lepromatosis
mycobacterium madagascariense
mycobacterium neglectum
mycobacterium pallens
mycobacterium pinnipedii
mycobacterium pyrenivorans
mycobacterium senuense
mycobacterium simulans
mycobacterium smegmatis
mycobacterium sydneyiensis
mycoplasma coccoides
mycoplasma edwardii
mycoplasma haemominutum
mycoplasma hyopharyngis
mycoplasma iguanae
mycoplasma insons
mycoplasma lipophilum
mycoplasma timone
mycoplasma verecundum
myroides injenensis
myroides odoratimimus
myroides odoratus
myroides pelagicus
myroides profundi
negativicoccus succinicivorans
neisseria mucosa
neorickettsia helminthoeca
nesterenkonia alba
nesterenkonia halobia
nesterenkonia lacusekhoensis
niabella soli
nitrincola lacisaponensis
nitrobacter alkalicus
nitrobacter hamburgensis
nitrobacter winogradskyi
nitrosococcus watsoni
nocardia alboflava
nocardia devorans
nocardia pigrifrangens
nocardia polyresistens
nocardia roseoalba
nocardioides islandensis
nocardiopsis terrae
nonomuraea asiatica
nonomuraea maheshkhaliensis
nostoc piscinale
novosphingobium acidiphilum
novosphingobium hassiacum
novosphingobium indicum
novosphingobium nitrogenifigens
novosphingobium yangbajingensis
oceanisphaera laurenciae
oceanospirillum linum
ochrobactrum anthropi
ochrobactrum pecoris
ochrobactrum pseudogrignonense
ochrobactrum rhizosphaerae
ochrobactrum thiophenivorans
odoribacter denticanis
oerskovia enterophila
oerskovia ginkgo
oerskovia paurometabola
oleomonas sagaranensis
olivibacter ginsengisoli
olivibacter terrae
opitutus terrae
oscillatoria corallinae
oscillospira eae
oscillospira guilliermondii
oxalobacter vibrioformis
paenibacillus caespitis
paenibacillus cellulositrophicus
paenibacillus contaminans
paenibacillus darangshiensis
paenibacillus donghaensis
paenibacillus filicis
paenibacillus forsythiae
paenibacillus ginsengagri
paenibacillus ourofinensis
paenibacillus panacisoli
paenibacillus pini
paenibacillus pocheonensis
paenibacillus sonchi
paenibacillus taiwanensis
paenibacillus xinjiangensis
paenisporosarcina macmurdoensis
paenisporosarcina quisquiliarum
parabacteroides goldsteinii
paracoccus alkenifer
paracoccus aminovorans
paracoccus chinensis
paracoccus sulfuroxidans
patulibacter americanus
patulibacter minatonensis
pectinatus cerevisiiphilus
pediococcus argentinicus
pediococcus cellicola
pediococcus stilesii
pedobacter africanus
pedobacter cryoconitis
pedobacter daejeonensis
pedobacter kwangyangensis
pedobacter metabolipauper
pedobacter panaciterrae
pedobacter rhizospharae
pedobacter westerhofensis
pedomicrobium australicum
pelagicoccus albus
pelagicoccus croceus
pelobacter acetylenicus
pelotomaculum isophthalicicum
peptococcus niger
peptoniphilus coxii
peptoniphilus gorbachii
peptoniphilus indolicus
peptoniphilus ivorii
peptoniphilus methioninivorax
peptoniphilus olsenii
peptoniphilus tyrrelliae
peptostreptococcus stomatis
phascolarctobacterium succinatutens
phenylobacterium lituiforme
phenylobacterium mobile
phormidium murrayi
phycicoccus bigeumensis
phycicoccus dokdonensis
phyllobacterium bourgognense
phyllobacterium brassicacearum
phyllobacterium catacumbae
phyllobacterium myrsinacearum
pilimelia columellifera
planifilum fimeticola
planococcus columbae
planococcus maritimus
planomicrobium chinense
planomicrobium psychrophilum
planomicrobium stackebrandtii
polaribacter butkevichii
pontibacillus halophilus
pontibacter niistensis
porphyromonas canis
prevotella aurantiaca
prevotella pallens
prevotella paludivivens
prevotella salivae
promicromonospora kroppenstedtii
promicromonospora umidemergens
propionibacterium acnes
propionibacterium avidum
propionibacterium humerusii
propionibacterium microaerophilum
propionibacterium propionicum
propionibacterium thoenii
propionispora hippei
proteus hauseri
proteus myxofaciens
proteus penneri
providencia alcalifaciens
providencia burhodogranariea
providencia heimbachae
providencia rettgeri
providencia sneebia
pseudaminobacter defluvii
pseudidiomarina donghaiensis
pseudoalteromonas denitrificans
pseudochrobactrum kiredjianiae
pseudochrobactrum saccharolyticum
pseudomonas abietaniphila
pseudomonas agarici
pseudomonas alkylphenolia
pseudomonas amygdali
pseudomonas argentinensis
pseudomonas azotifigens
pseudomonas azotoformans
pseudomonas benzenivorans
pseudomonas borealis
pseudomonas brenneri
pseudomonas caricapapayae
pseudomonas chloritidismutans
pseudomonas cichorii
pseudomonas cinnamophila
pseudomonas clemancea
pseudomonas collierea
pseudomonas coronafaciens
pseudomonas corrugata
pseudomonas cremoricolorata
pseudomonas entomophila
pseudomonas fluorescens
pseudomonas fragi
pseudomonas fuscovaginae
pseudomonas gessardii
pseudomonas gingeri
pseudomonas graminis
pseudomonas jessenii
pseudomonas lundensis
pseudomonas lurida
pseudomonas lutea
pseudomonas mandelii
pseudomonas marginalis
pseudomonas mediterranea
pseudomonas meliae
pseudomonas mendocina
pseudomonas metavorans
pseudomonas migulae
pseudomonas moraviensis
pseudomonas mosselii
pseudomonas mucidolens
pseudomonas orientalis
pseudomonas panacis
pseudomonas panipatensis
pseudomonas parafulva
pseudomonas pavonaceae
pseudomonas plecoglossicida
pseudomonas poae
pseudomonas proteolytica
pseudomonas psychrophila
pseudomonas putida
pseudomonas reactans
pseudomonas savastanoi
pseudomonas syncyanea
pseudomonas synxantha
pseudomonas syringae
pseudomonas taetrolens
pseudomonas taiwanensis
pseudomonas teessidea
pseudomonas thermotolerans
pseudomonas tolaasii
pseudomonas tremae
pseudomonas trivialis
pseudomonas umsongensis
pseudomonas vancouverensis
pseudomonas veronii
pseudomonas viridiflava
pseudomonas xanthomarina
pseudonocardia kongjuensis
pseudoxanthomonas sacheonensis
psychrobacter cibarius
psychrobacter cryohalolentis
psychrobacter faecalis
psychrobacter fozii
psychrobacter glacialis
psychrobacter glacincola
psychrobacter halophilus
psychrobacter namhaensis
psychrobacter phenylpyruvicus
psychrobacter proteolyticus
psychrobacter pulmonis
psychrobacter vallis
psychromonas ossibalaenae
puniceicoccus vermicola
ralstonia detusculanense
ralstonia pickettii
reinekea aestuarii
rhizobium alamii
rhizobium pisi
rhodobacter apigmentum
rhodobacter gluconicum
rhodococcus baikonurensis
rhodococcus equi
rhodococcus erythropolis
rhodococcus globerulus
rhodococcus imtechensis
rhodococcus jostii
rhodococcus kroppenstedtii
rhodococcus kyotonensis
rhodococcus maanshanensis
rhodococcus marinonascens
rhodococcus percolatus
rhodococcus qingshengii
rhodococcus yunnanensis
rhodocyclus purpureus
rhodoplanes cryptolactis
rhodoplanes piscinae
rhodothermus clarus
rhodovibrio sodomensis
rhodovulum iodosum
rickettsia asiatica
roseomonas massiliensis
roseomonas terpenica
roseomonas terrae
roseospira thiosulfatophila
roseospira visakhapatnamensis
rothia mucilaginosa
rubellimicrobium aerolatum
rubellimicrobium mesophilum
rubellimicrobium roseum
ruegeria lacuscaerulensis
ruegeria pomeroyi
rummeliibacillus pycnus
runella limosa
saccharomonospora thermoviridis
saccharopolyspora cebuensis
saccharopolyspora halophila
saccharopolyspora shandongensis
saccharospirillum impatiens
saccharospirillum salsuginis
salinibacterium amurskyense
salinibacterium xinjiangense
salinicoccus carnicancri
salinicoccus luteus
salinicoccus salsiraiae
salinivibrio budaii
sanguibacter suarezii
schlegelella aquatica
sedimentibacter hongkongensis
sedimentibacter hydroxybenzoicus
sedimentibacter saalensis
sediminibacillus halophilus
segetibacter aerophilus
selenomonas infelix
serinicoccus chungangensis
serratia entomophila
shewanella pneumatophori
shewanella upenei
shinella fusca
shinella yambaruensis
sinorhizobium fredii
sinorhizobium kummerowiae
skermanella aerolata
slackia faecicanis
slackia isoflavoniconvertens
slackia piriformis
snowella rosea
soehngenia saccharolytica
solirubrobacter soli
sphingobacterium bambusae
sphingobacterium composti
sphingobacterium faecium
sphingobacterium shayense
sphingobium abikonense
sphingobium faniae
sphingobium ummariense
sphingomonas abaci
sphingomonas elodea
sphingomonas fennica
sphingomonas ginsenosidimutans
sphingomonas hunanensis
sphingomonas insulae
sphingomonas oligophenolica
sphingomonas pseudosanguinis
sphingomonas roseiflava
sphingomonas sanguinis
sphingomonas sanxanigenens
sphingomonas wittichii
sphingomonas yabuuchiae
sphingopyxis granuli
spirosoma rigui
sporanaerobacter acetigenes
sporolactobacillus putidus
sporosarcina contaminans
sporosarcina ginsengisoli
sporosarcina luteola
sporosarcina pasteurii
sporosarcina soli
sporosarcina ureae
sporotomaculum syntrophicum
staphylococcus agnetis
staphylococcus aureus
staphylococcus auricularis
staphylococcus caprae
staphylococcus chromogenes
staphylococcus epidermidis
staphylococcus equorum
staphylococcus fleurettii
staphylococcus gallinarum
staphylococcus hominis
staphylococcus intermedius
staphylococcus massiliensis
staphylococcus pseudolugdunensis
staphylococcus succinus
stenotrophomonas chelatiphaga
stenotrophomonas geniculata
stenotrophomonas koreensis
stenotrophomonas pavanii
stenotrophomonas retroflexus
stenotrophomonas terrae
steroidobacter denitrificans
streptacidiphilus griseus
streptacidiphilus thailandensis
streptococcus anginosus
streptococcus australis
streptococcus bovis
streptococcus cristatus
streptococcus dentapri
streptococcus dentirousetti
streptococcus fryi
streptococcus gordonii
streptococcus infantis
streptococcus intermedius
streptococcus milleri
streptococcus oligofermentans
streptococcus oralis
streptococcus orisratti
streptococcus parasanguinis
streptococcus peroris
streptococcus plurextorum
streptococcus pseudopneumoniae
streptococcus thermophilus
streptococcus tigurinus
streptococcus troglodytae
streptococcus ursoris
streptococcus vestibularis
streptomyces danangensis
streptomyces lazureus
streptomyces nanchangensis
streptomyces olivogriseus
streptomyces roseogilvus
streptosporangium brasiliense
sulfobacillus yellowstonensis
sutterella sanguinus
symbiobacterium toebii
symploca atlantica
syntrophomonas bryantii
syntrophomonas cellicola
syntrophomonas sapovorans
telmatospirillum siberiense
tenacibaculum japonica
tepidanaerobacter syntrophicus
tepidimicrobium ferriphilum
terracoccus luteus
tetragenococcus doogicus
tetrasphaera vanveenii
thalassospira tepidiphila
thermoanaerobacter inferii
thermoanaerobacter kivui
thermoanaerobacter sulfurigignens
thermoanaerobacterium islandicum
thermobacillus xylanilyticus
thermobaculum terrenum
thermodesulfatator atlanticus
thermodesulfovibrio aggregans
thermodesulfovibrio thiophilus
thermogemmatispora foliorum
thermogemmatispora onikobensis
thermomonas dokdonensis
thermosipho ferriphilus
thermovenabulum ferriorganovorum
thermus rehai
thioalkalimicrobium sibiricum
thioalkalivibrio jannaschii
thiohalorhabdus denitrificans
thiomonas thermosulfata
thiorhodococcus mannitoliphagus
thiorhodococcus pfennigii
thiothrix fructosivorans
tindallia magadiensis
tolumonas auensis
trabulsiella odontotermitis
treponema paraluiscuniculi
treponema porcinum
treponema succinifaciens
treponema zioleckii
trichodesmium havanum
trichodesmium tenue
turicibacter sanguinis
uliginosibacterium gangwonense
ureibacillus terrenus
ureibacillus thermophilus
vagococcus carniphilus
vagococcus fluvialis
vagococcus lutrae
vagococcus penaei
vagococcus salmoninarum
vagococcus teuberi
variovorax boronicumulans
variovorax soli
veillonella atypica
veillonella denticariosi
veillonella dispar
veillonella montpellierensis
veillonella parvula
vibrio caribbenthicus
vibrio litoralis
vibrio porteresiae
virgibacillus byunsanensis
virgibacillus kekensis
virgibacillus salexigens
viridibacillus neidei
weissella hanii
weissella minor
weissella salipiscis
wohlfahrtiimonas chitiniclastica
xanthobacter polyaromaticivorans
xanthomonas oryzae
yersinia frederiksenii
yersinia kristensenii
yersinia nurmii
yersinia ruckeri
zhihengliuella salsuginis
zhouia amylolytica
zobellia laminariae
