abiotrophia defectiva
acetobacterium submarinus
acetobacterium tundrae
acholeplasma ales
acholeplasma cavigenitalium
acholeplasma palmae
achromobacter arsenitoxydans
achromobacter insolitus
achromobacter piechaudii
achromobacter ruhlandii
achromobacter xylosoxidans
acidaminococcus intestini
acidiphilium acidophilum
acidiphilium angustum
acidiphilium symbioticum
acidisoma tundrae
acidithiobacillus cuprithermicus
acidobacterium capsulatum
acidocella aluminiidurans
acidovorax anthurii
acidovorax facilis
acidovorax temperans
acidovorax valerianellae
acidovorax wohlfahrtii
acinetobacter antiviralis
acinetobacter baylyi
acinetobacter beijerinckii
acinetobacter bouvetii
acinetobacter calcoaceticus
acinetobacter gerneri
acinetobacter guillouiae
acinetobacter indicus
acinetobacter johnsonii
acinetobacter junii
acinetobacter lwoffii
acinetobacter marinus
acinetobacter oleivorans
acinetobacter parvus
acinetobacter psychrotolerans
acinetobacter radioresistens
acinetobacter rhizosphaerae
acinetobacter schindleri
acinetobacter seohaensis
acinetobacter tjernbergiae
acinetobacter ursingii
acinetobacter xiamenensis
actinoallomurus amamiensis
actinoallomurus iriomotensis
actinoallomurus luridus
actinoallomurus purpureus
actinoallomurus yoronensis
actinoalloteichus nanshanensis
actinobacillus parahaemolyticus
actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae
actinobacillus rossii
actinobaculum massiliense
actinobaculum schaalii
actinobaculum suis
actinocatenispora silicis
actinocatenispora thailandica
actinocorallia cavernae
actinocorallia herbida
actinocorallia longicatena
actinokineospora diospyrosa
actinokineospora inagensis
actinokineospora riparia
actinomadura latina
actinomadura maheshkhaliensis
actinomadura viridilutea
actinomyces cardiffensis
actinomyces europaeus
actinomyces georgiae
actinomyces lingnae
actinomyces meyeri
actinomyces naturae
actinomyces neuii
actinomyces odontolyticus
actinomyces radingae
actinomyces suimastitidis
actinomyces turicensis
actinomycetospora chiangmaiensis
actinomycetospora iriomotensis
actinomycetospora lutea
actinoplanes auranticolor
actinoplanes digitatis
actinoplanes pallidoaurantiacus
actinoplanes penicillatus
actinopolymorpha rutila
actinopolyspora indiensis
actinopolyspora salina
aerococcus viridans
aeromicrobium alkaliterrae
aeromicrobium fastidiosum
aeromicrobium flavum
aeromicrobium ginsengisoli
aeromicrobium kwangyangensis
aeromicrobium marinum
aeromicrobium ponti
aeromicrobium tamlense
aggregatibacter aphrophilus
aggregatibacter segnis
agrobacterium albertimagni
agrobacterium larrymoorei
agrobacterium tumefaciens
agrobacterium undicola
agrobacterium viscosum
agrobacterium vitis
agrococcus citreus
agrococcus jejuensis
agrococcus terreus
agrococcus versicolor
agromyces albus
agromyces bracchium
agromyces cerinus
agromyces fucosus
agromyces italicus
agromyces mediolanus
agromyces neolithicus
agromyces ramosus
agromyces salentinus
agromyces succinolyticus
agromyces terreus
agromyces ulmi
akkermansia muciniphila
alcanivorax balearicus
alcanivorax indicus
alcanivorax venustensis
alishewanella fetalis
alkalibacillus haloalkaliphilus
alkalibacillus salilacus
alkalibacterium subtropicum
alkaliphilus crotonatoxidans
alkaliphilus peptidifermentans
allochromatium palmeri
alloiococcus otitis
alloscardovia omnicolens
amaricoccus kaplicensis
amaricoccus macauensis
amaricoccus tamworthensis
amaricoccus veronensis
aminiphilus circumscriptus
aminobacter aganoensis
aminobacter aminovorans
aminobacter ciceronei
ammonifex thiophilus
amphritea atlantica
amycolatopsis flava
amycolatopsis helveola
amycolatopsis jejuensis
amycolatopsis methanolica
amycolatopsis ultiminotia
anaerobacillus alkalilacustre
anaerobranca zavarzinii
anaerococcus hydrogenalis
anaerococcus lactolyticus
anaerococcus octavius
anaerococcus prevotii
anaerococcus tetradius
anaerococcus vaginalis
anaerofilum pentosovorans
anaerolinea thermolimosa
anaeromusa acidaminophila
anaeromyxobacter dehalogenans
anaerospora hongkongensis
ancylobacter aquaticus
ancylobacter rudongensis
anoxybacillus amylolyticus
anoxybacillus ayderensis
anoxybacillus tengchongensis
aquicella siphonis
aquimarina macrocephali
aquimonas voraii
aquitalea denitrificans
arcanobacterium bernardiae
arcanobacterium phocae
arcobacter marinus
arcobacter skirrowii
arenimonas donghaensis
arenimonas malthae
arthrobacter creatinolyticus
arthrobacter halodurans
arthrobacter nicotianae
arthrobacter protophormiae
arthrobacter psychrochitiniphilus
arthrobacter psychrolactophilus
arthrobacter psychrophenolicus
arthrobacter rhombi
arthrobacter soli
arthrobacter stackebrandtii
arthrobacter uratoxydans
arthrospira fusiformis
asticcacaulis benevestitus
asticcacaulis taihuensis
atopobium fossor
atopobium minutum
atopobium parvulum
atopobium rimae
aurantimonas coralicida
aurantimonas litoralis
aurantimonas manganoxydans
avibacterium avium
azoarcus evansii
azohydromonas australica
azomonas macrocytogenes
azorhizophilus paspali
azospirillum palatum
azospirillum rugosum
azovibrio restrictus
bacillus alcaliinulinus
bacillus alkalogaya
bacillus aminovorans
bacillus anthracis
bacillus arbutinivorans
bacillus azotoformans
bacillus badius
bacillus beringensis
bacillus butanolivorans
bacillus deserti
bacillus djibelorensis
bacillus ferrariarum
bacillus hackensackii
bacillus horneckiae
bacillus infantis
bacillus isabeliae
bacillus litoralis
bacillus longiquaesitum
bacillus methanolicus
bacillus mucilaginosus
bacillus murimartini
bacillus nealsonii
bacillus okhensis
bacillus olivae
bacillus oryzae
bacillus pseudalcaliphilus
bacillus pseudomegaterium
bacillus shandongensis
bacillus simplex
bacillus siralis
bacillus smithii
bacillus soli
bacteriovorax litoralis
bacteriovorax marinus
bacteroides cellulosilyticus
bacteroides coprosuis
bacteroides denticanum
bacteroides graminisolvens
bacteroides massiliensis
bacteroides ovatus
bacteroides paurosaccharolyticus
bacteroides plebeius
bacteroides propionicifaciens
bacteroides rodentium
bacteroides sartorii
bacteroides stercorirosoris
bacteroides uniformis
bacteroides vulgatus
bacteroides xylanisolvens
bartonella rochalimae
bdellovibrio bacteriovorus
bdellovibrio exovorus
beijerinckia derxii
beijerinckia indica
beijerinckia mobilis
bellilinea caldifistulae
bergeyella zoohelcum
bifidobacterium asteroides
bifidobacterium bombi
bifidobacterium choerinum
bifidobacterium indicum
bifidobacterium kashiwanohense
bifidobacterium longum
bifidobacterium scardovii
bifidobacterium stercoris
bifidobacterium subtile
bizionia saleffrena
blastochloris gulmargensis
blastochloris sulfoviridis
blastococcus aggregatus
blastomonas natatoria
blautia coccoides
blautia glucerasea
blautia hansenii
blautia wexlerae
borrelia anserina
brachybacterium arcticum
brachybacterium faecium
brachybacterium squillarum
brachybacterium tyrofermentans
brachybacterium zhongshanense
brachyspira ibaraki
bradyrhizobium cytisi
bradyrhizobium elkanii
bradyrhizobium japonicum
bradyrhizobium jicamae
bradyrhizobium liaoningense
bradyrhizobium pachyrhizi
bradyrhizobium yuanmingense
brenneria salicis
brevibacillus ginsengisoli
brevibacterium album
brevibacterium aureum
brevibacterium casei
brevibacterium celere
brevibacterium linens
brevibacterium luteolum
brevibacterium marinum
brevibacterium massiliense
brevibacterium mcbrellneri
brevibacterium otitidis
brevibacterium paucivorans
brevibacterium ravenspurgense
brevibacterium samyangense
brevundimonas bullata
brevundimonas diminuta
brevundimonas olei
brevundimonas staleyi
brevundimonas terrae
brochothrix thermosphacta
bulleidia extructa
bulleidia moorei
burkholderia acidipaludis
burkholderia andropogonis
burkholderia brasilensis
burkholderia ginsengisoli
burkholderia lata
burkholderia phenoliruptrix
burkholderia phytofirmans
burkholderia sartisoli
burkholderia sediminicola
burkholderia seminalis
burkholderia sordidicola
burkholderia terrae
burkholderia ubonensis
butyricimonas virosa
butyrivibrio proteoclasticus
caldanaerobacter hydrothermalis
caldicellulosiruptor bescii
caldilinea tarbellica
caldithrix palaeochoryensis
caloramator mitchellensis
caloramator uzoniensis
calothrix brevissima
calothrix parietina
campylobacter canadensis
campylobacter concisus
campylobacter curvus
campylobacter faecalis
campylobacter gracilis
campylobacter rectus
campylobacter showae
campylobacter ureolyticus
candidatus amoebophilus asiaticus
candidatus blochmannia castaneus
candidatus blochmannia herculeanus
candidatus blochmannia rufipes
candidatus blochmannia vafer
candidatus contubernalis alkalaceticum
candidatus endobugula glebosa
candidatus endobugula sertula
candidatus liberibacter africanus
candidatus liberibacter solanacearum
candidatus phlomobacter fragariae
candidatus phytoplasma phoenicium
candidatus phytoplasma pini
candidatus phytoplasma prunorum
candidatus protochlamydia amoebophila
candidatus rhabdochlamydia crassificans
candidatus scalindua brodae
candidatus tammella caduceiae
capnocytophaga gingivalis
capnocytophaga granulosa
capnocytophaga leadbetteri
capnocytophaga ochracea
carboxydocella ferrireducens
cardiobacterium hominis
cardiobacterium valvarum
carnobacterium divergens
carnobacterium funditum
carnobacterium gallinarum
carnobacterium inhibens
carnobacterium maltaromaticum
carnobacterium mobile
catellatospora chokoriensis
catellatospora yuxiensis
catenibacterium mitsuokai
catenulispora cavernae
caulobacter crescentus
caulobacter henricii
caulobacter tundrae
caulobacter vibrioides
cellulomonas chitinilytica
cellulomonas composti
cellulomonas denverensis
cellulomonas flavigena
cellulomonas oligotrophica
cellulomonas xylanilytica
cellvibrio gandavensis
cellvibrio ostraviensis
cerasicoccus arenae
cetobacterium ceti
chelatococcus daeguensis
chitinophaga ginsengisegetis
chitinophaga ginsengisoli
chitinophaga japonensis
chitinophaga skermanii
chitinophaga soli
chlorobaculum limnaeum
chloroflexus aurantiacus
chondromyces apiculatus
chondromyces pediculatus
chromatium weissei
chromobacterium haemolyticum
chromobacterium piscinae
chromobacterium pseudoviolaceum
chromobacterium subtsugae
chroococcus minutus
chryseobacterium aquifrigidense
chryseobacterium bovis
chryseobacterium caeni
chryseobacterium culicis
chryseobacterium formosense
chryseobacterium gleum
chryseobacterium greenlandense
chryseobacterium hagamense
chryseobacterium hungaricum
chryseobacterium indologenes
chryseobacterium isbiliense
chryseobacterium joostei
chryseobacterium oranimense
chryseobacterium soldanellicola
chryseobacterium soli
chryseobacterium taichungense
chryseobacterium taiwanense
chthoniobacter flavus
citricoccus muralis
citrobacter freundii
citrobacter werkmanii
clostridium acetireducens
clostridium aestuarii
clostridium algidicarnis
clostridium alkalicellulosi
clostridium botulinum
clostridium bovipellis
clostridium cadaveris
clostridium caenicola
clostridium caliptrosporum
clostridium carboxidivorans
clostridium cavendishii
clostridium cellulolyticum
clostridium chromoreductans
clostridium cochlearium
clostridium fallax
clostridium frigidicarnis
clostridium frigoris
clostridium gasigenes
clostridium haemolyticum
clostridium hiranonis
clostridium histolyticum
clostridium homopropionicum
clostridium hveragerdense
clostridium limosum
clostridium magnum
clostridium malenominatum
clostridium mesophilum
clostridium novyi
clostridium perfringens
clostridium proteolyticum
clostridium proteolyticus
clostridium putrefaciens
clostridium saccharoperbutylacetonicum
clostridium sulfidigenes
clostridium taeniosporum
clostridium tepidiprofundi
clostridium termitidis
clostridium tetani
clostridium tetanomorphum
clostridium thermoalcaliphilum
clostridium thermosuccinogenes
clostridium uliginosum
clostridium vincentii
cohnella damuensis
cohnella hongkongensis
cohnella laeviribosi
cohnella soli
cohnella thermotolerans
collinsella aerofaciens
comamonas composti
comamonas kerstersii
comamonas koreensis
comamonas odontotermitis
comamonas testosteroni
conchiformibius kuhniae
conexibacter woesei
coprobacillus cateniformis
coraliomargarita akajimensis
corynebacterium accolens
corynebacterium acetoacidophilum
corynebacterium amycolatum
corynebacterium appendicis
corynebacterium argentoratense
corynebacterium atypicum
corynebacterium aurimucosum
corynebacterium callunae
corynebacterium camporealensis
corynebacterium canis
corynebacterium confusum
corynebacterium coyleae
corynebacterium cystitidis
corynebacterium doosanense
corynebacterium durum
corynebacterium falsenii
corynebacterium fastidiosum
corynebacterium flavescens
corynebacterium genitalium
corynebacterium glaucum
corynebacterium glucuronolyticum
corynebacterium glutamicum
corynebacterium halotolerans
corynebacterium hansenii
corynebacterium imitans
corynebacterium jeikeium
corynebacterium kroppenstedtii
corynebacterium kutscheri
corynebacterium lipophiloflavum
corynebacterium marinum
corynebacterium massiliense
corynebacterium matruchotii
corynebacterium minutissimum
corynebacterium mustelae
corynebacterium nuruki
corynebacterium propinquum
corynebacterium pseudogenitalium
corynebacterium pyruviciproducens
corynebacterium resistens
corynebacterium riegelii
corynebacterium segmentosum
corynebacterium simulans
corynebacterium striatum
corynebacterium sundsvallense
corynebacterium timonense
corynebacterium tuberculostearicum
corynebacterium tuscaniense
corynebacterium ulceribovis
corynebacterium urealyticum
corynebacterium ureicelerivorans
corynebacterium variabile
corynebacterium vitaeruminis
corynebacterium xerosis
crenothrix polyspora
cryocola antiquus
curtobacterium albidum
curtobacterium citreum
curtobacterium flaccumfaciens
curtobacterium pusillum
curvibacter gracilis
curvibacter lanceolatus
cyanobacterium aponinum
cycloclasticus oligotrophus
cystobacter armeniaca
dactylosporangium maewongense
dechloromonas aromatica
dechloromonas hortensis
deefgea rivuli
deferribacter autotrophicus
dehalogenimonas lykanthroporepellens
deinococcus aeria
deinococcus aerius
deinococcus alpinitundrae
deinococcus claudionis
deinococcus radiomollis
deinococcus soli
delftia acidovorans
delftia lacustris
delftia tsuruhatensis
demequina aurantiaca
demequina globuliformis
denitratisoma oestradiolicum
denitrobacter permanens
dermabacter hominis
dermacoccus abyssi
dermacoccus nishinomiyaensis
desulfacinum subterraneum
desulfitobacterium chlororespirans
desulfofrigus oceanense
desulfomonile tiedjei
desulfonatronum thiosulfatophilum
desulfonauticus autotrophicus
desulfosarcina ovata
desulfosporosinus auripigmenti
desulfosporosinus hippei
desulfosporosinus lacus
desulfotomaculum australicum
desulfotomaculum indicum
desulfotomaculum thermoacetoxidans
desulfovibrio aceae
desulfovibrio butyratiphilus
desulfovibrio carbinolicus
desulfovibrio cuneatus
desulfovibrio desulfuricans
desulfovibrio fairfieldensis
desulfovibrio ferrophilus
desulfovibrio longreachensis
desulfovibrio oryzae
desulfovibrio piger
desulfovibrio psychrotolerans
desulfovibrio simplex
desulfovibrio tunisiensis
desulfurispirillum alkaliphilum
desulfurispora thermophila
desulfuromonas svalbardensis
desulfuromonas thiophila
desulfuromusa succinoxidans
devosia chinhatensis
devosia geojensis
devosia ginsengisoli
devosia hwasunensis
devosia insulae
devosia limi
devosia neptuniae
devosia terrae
devosia yakushimensis
dialister invisus
dialister micraerophilus
diaphorobacter nitroreducens
dickeya dianthicola
dickeya paradisiaca
dietzia alimentaria
dietzia cercidiphylli
dietzia cinnamea
dietzia maris
dokdonella fugitiva
dokdonella ginsengisoli
dyadobacter alkalitolerans
dyadobacter hamtensis
dyella ginsengisoli
dysgonomonas capnocytophagoides
dysgonomonas hofstadii
dysgonomonas wimpennyi
ectothiorhodospira haloalkaliphila
ectothiorhodospira imhoffii
edaphobacter modestum
edaphobacter modestus
edwardsiella hoshinae
eggerthella sinensis
ehrlichia ovina
elizabethkingia anophelis
elizabethkingia meningoseptica
emticicia ginsengisoli
emticicia oligotrophica
enhydrobacter aerosaccus
enterobacter aceae
enterobacter aerogenes
enterobacter amnigenus
enterobacter asburiae
enterobacter cancerogenus
enterobacter cloacae
enterobacter cowanii
enterobacter gergoviae
enterobacter hormaechei
enterobacter ludwigii
enterobacter nickellidurans
enterobacter soli
enterococcus aquimarinus
enterococcus asini
enterococcus camelliae
enterococcus casseliflavus
enterococcus dispar
enterococcus durans
enterococcus faecalis
enterococcus gallinarum
enterococcus gilvus
enterococcus hawaiiensis
enterococcus hermanniensis
enterococcus lactis
enterococcus rottae
enterococcus silesiacus
enterococcus sulfureus
erwinia billingiae
erwinia mallotivora
erwinia oleae
erwinia papayae
erwinia psidii
erwinia pyrifoliae
erwinia rhapontici
erwinia soli
erwinia tasmaniensis
erysipelothrix inopinata
erysipelothrix muris
erysipelothrix rhusiopathiae
erysipelothrix tonsillarum
erythrobacter aquimaris
erythromicrobium ramosum
escherichia albertii
eubacterium biforme
eubacterium callanderi
euzebya tangerina
exiguobacterium antarcticum
exiguobacterium soli
exiguobacterium taiwanense
facklamia hominis
facklamia languida
facklamia tabacinasalis
faecalibacterium prausnitzii
ferrimicrobium acidiphilum
ferrimonas kyonanensis
fervidobacterium islandicum
fervidobacterium pennivorans
finegoldia magna
flammeovirga pacifica
flavisolibacter ginsengisoli
flavobacterium algicola
flavobacterium anhuiense
flavobacterium antarcticum
flavobacterium aquatile
flavobacterium aquidurense
flavobacterium branchiophilum
flavobacterium cauense
flavobacterium chungangense
flavobacterium columnare
flavobacterium defluvii
flavobacterium denitrificans
flavobacterium flevense
flavobacterium frigidimaris
flavobacterium glaciei
flavobacterium glycines
flavobacterium hydatis
flavobacterium johnsoniae
flavobacterium kamogawaensis
flavobacterium micromati
flavobacterium omnivorum
flavobacterium pectinovorum
flavobacterium reichenbachii
flavobacterium resistens
flavobacterium saliperosum
flavobacterium soli
flavobacterium succinicans
flavobacterium suncheonense
flavobacterium swingsii
flavobacterium terrae
flavobacterium terrigena
flavobacterium weaverense
flavobacterium xinjiangense
francisella hispaniensis
frankia alni
friedmanniella antarctica
friedmanniella lucida
friedmanniella okinawensis
friedmanniella sagamiharensis
frigoribacterium faeni
fructobacillus fructosus
fructobacillus pseudoficulneus
fulvivirga kasyanovii
fusobacterium canifelinum
fusobacterium gonidiaformans
fusobacterium naviforme
fusobacterium nucleatum
fusobacterium periodonticum
gallibacterium melopsittaci
gallionella ferruginea
gardnerella vaginalis
gemella cunicula
gemella haemolysans
gemella sanguinis
gemmata obscuriglobus
gemmatimonas aurantiaca
geobacillus anatolicus
geobacillus kaue
geobacillus thermoglucosidans
geobacter hydrogenophilus
geobacter pickeringii
geobacter psychrophilus
geobacter toluenoxydans
georgenia deserti
georgenia ferrireducens
georgenia halophila
georgenia soli
geothrix fermentans
glaciecola nitratireducens
gluconobacter kondonii
gluconobacter krungthepensis
gluconobacter morbifer
glycomyces endophyticus
gordonia australis
gordonia effusa
gordonia hirsuta
gordonia jacobaea
gordonia otitidis
gordonia soli
granulicatella adiacens
granulicatella elegans
granulicella tundricola
haemophilus haemolyticus
haemophilus parainfluenzae
haemophilus quentini
hahella ganghwensis
halanaerobacter chitinivorans
halanaerobium alcaliphilum
halanaerobium fermentans
haliangium ochraceum
haliangium tepidum
haliscomenobacter hydrossis
halochromatium salexigens
halomonas almeriensis
halomonas andesensis
halomonas fontilapidosi
halomonas johnsoniae
halomonas neptunia
halomonas organivorans
halomonas sabkhae
halomonas sinaiensis
halorhodospira halochloris
halothiobacillus kellyi
helcococcus ovis
helicobacter mastomyrinus
helicobacter suncus
heliorestis baculata
herbaspirillum chlorophenolicum
herbaspirillum magnetovibrio
hydrocarboniphaga daqingensis
hydrogenophaga defluvii
hydrogenophaga pseudoflava
hydrogenophilus denitrificans
hydrogenophilus hirschii
hymenobacter aerophilus
hymenobacter chitinivorans
hymenobacter daecheongensis
hymenobacter gelipurpurascens
hymenobacter norwichensis
hymenobacter ocellatus
hymenobacter roseosalivarius
hymenobacter soli
hymenobacter xinjiangensis
hyphomicrobium aestuarii
hyphomicrobium hollandicum
hyphomicrobium sulfonivorans
hyphomicrobium vulgare
hyphomicrobium zavarzinii
hyphomonas hirschiana
hyphomonas oceanitis
ignatzschineria indica
ignatzschineria larvae
ignatzschineria ureiclastica
inquilinus ginsengisoli
inquilinus limosus
isosphaera pallida
janibacter anophelis
janibacter hoylei
janibacter limosus
jannaschia donghaensis
jannaschia seohaensis
jannaschia seosinensis
janthinobacterium agaricidamnosum
janthinobacterium lividum
jeotgalicoccus coquinae
jeotgalicoccus halotolerans
jeotgalicoccus nanhaiensis
jiangella alkaliphila
jiangella gansuensis
jiangella ginsengisoli
johnsonella ignava
kaistia granuli
kaistia soli
kaistobacter terrae
kineococcus gynurae
kineococcus radiotolerans
kineosporia mikuniensis
kineosporia rhizophila
kingella oralis
kitasatospora melanogena
kitasatospora paranensis
klebsiella granulomatis
klebsiella oxytoca
klebsiella pneumoniae
klebsiella variicola
knoellia aerolata
knoellia subterranea
kocuria assamensis
kocuria gwangalliensis
kocuria halotolerans
kocuria koreensis
kocuria marina
kocuria palustris
kocuria rhizophila
kocuria rosea
kocuria varians
kosmotoga arenicorallina
kouleothrix aurantiaca
kribbella alba
kribbella ginsengisoli
kribbella koreensis
kribbella sandramycini
kurthia gibsonii
kurthia sibirica
kurthia zopfii
kushneria aurantia
kushneria indalinina
kytococcus sedentarius
labrys okinawensis
labrys wisconsinensis
laceyella putida
lachnospira pectinoschiza
lactobacillus antri
lactobacillus apis
lactobacillus brantae
lactobacillus camelliae
lactobacillus casei
lactobacillus delbrueckii
lactobacillus equi
lactobacillus equicursoris
lactobacillus faeni
lactobacillus gasseri
lactobacillus gigeriorum
lactobacillus guizhouensis
lactobacillus hayakitensis
lactobacillus iners
lactobacillus intermedius
lactobacillus japonicus
lactobacillus jensenii
lactobacillus johnsonii
lactobacillus letivazi
lactobacillus manihotivorans
lactobacillus paracasei
lactobacillus parakefiri
lactobacillus pentosus
lactobacillus rhamnosus
lactobacillus senmaizukei
lactobacillus siliginis
lactobacillus similis
lactobacillus taiwanensis
lactobacillus thailandensis
lactobacillus tucceti
lactobacillus ultunensis
lactobacillus vaginalis
lactobacillus zeae
lactococcus fujiensis
lactococcus lactis
lampropedia hyalina
lautropia mirabilis
legionella cherrii
legionella fallonii
legionella sainthelensi
legionella shakespearei
legionella taurinensis
lentibacillus kapialis
lentibacillus salinarum
lentzea flavoverrucoides
lentzea waywayandensis
leptolyngbya laminosa
leptospira licerasiae
leptothrix discophora
leptotrichia buccalis
leptotrichia goodfellowii
leptotrichia hofstadii
leptotrichia shahii
leptotrichia wadei
leucobacter albus
leucobacter chironomi
leucobacter chromiiresistens
leucobacter iarius
leucobacter komagatae
leucobacter luti
leuconostoc argentinum
leuconostoc carnosum
leuconostoc citreum
leuconostoc garlicum
leuconostoc gelidum
leuconostoc mesenteroides
leuconostoc palmae
leuconostoc pseudomesenteroides
leucothrix mucor
lewinella lutea
lewinella marina
limnobacter litoralis
limnohabitans parvus
listeria innocua
litoricola lipolytica
litoricola marina
longilinea arvoryzae
luteibacter anthropi
luteibacter rhizovicinus
luteibacter yeojuensis
luteimonas aquatica
luteimonas composti
luteimonas lutimaris
luteimonas mephitis
luteimonas terricola
luteococcus peritonei
luteolibacter algae
lutibacterium anuloederans
lysinibacillus boronitolerans
lysinibacillus cresolivorans
lysinibacillus fusiformis
lysinibacillus macroides
lysinibacillus parviboronicapiens
lysinibacillus xylanilyticus
lysobacter antibioticus
lysobacter capsici
lysobacter daejeonensis
lysobacter deserti
lysobacter gummosus
lysobacter koreensis
lysobacter niabensis
lysobacter niastensis
lysobacter soli
lysobacter yangpyeongensis
macrococcus bovicus
macrococcus caseolyticus
macrococcus equipercicus
magnetospirillum bellicus
mannheimia caviae
maricaulis indicus
marichromatium gracile
marinilactibacillus piezotolerans
marinitoga hydrogenitolerans
marinitoga okinawensis
marinobacter arcticus
marinobacter bacchus
marinobacter santoriniensis
marinobacter squalenivorans
marinobacter szutsaonensis
marinobacter vinifirmus
marinobacterium sediminicola
marinomonas arctica
marinomonas basaltis
marinomonas blandensis
marinomonas brasiliensis
marinomonas foliarum
marinomonas pontica
marinomonas ushuaiensis
marinomonas vaga
megasphaera geminatus
megasphaera hominis
megasphaera micronuciformis
megasphaera paucivorans
meiothermus granaticius
mesoplasma entomophilum
mesorhizobium camelthorni
mesorhizobium huakuii
mesorhizobium loti
mesorhizobium opportunistum
mesorhizobium septentrionale
methanobrevibacter smithii
methanocorpusculum parvum
methanosarcina barkeri
methylibium petroleiphilum
methylobacillus glycogenes
methylobacterium adhaesivum
methylobacterium dankookense
methylobacterium goesingense
methylobacterium gregans
methylobacterium komagatae
methylobacterium longum
methylobacterium marchantiae
methylobacterium mesophilicum
methylobacterium organophilum
methylobacterium persicinum
methylobacterium phyllosphaerae
methylobacterium radiotolerans
methylocaldum gracile
methylocella silvestris
methylocella tundrae
methylomonas scandinavica
methylonatrum kenyense
methylophaga lonarensis
methylophaga thiooxydans
methylosinus acidophilus
methylosinus pucelana
methylotenera mobilis
methylotenera versatilis
methyloversatilis universalis
microbacterium aoyamense
microbacterium arabinogalactanolyticum
microbacterium aurum
microbacterium barkeri
microbacterium binotii
microbacterium chocolatum
microbacterium flavescens
microbacterium flavum
microbacterium foliorum
microbacterium ginsengisoli
microbacterium gubbeenense
microbacterium halophilum
microbacterium hatanonis
microbacterium hominis
microbacterium hydrocarbonoxydans
microbacterium ketosireducens
microbacterium koreense
microbacterium lacus
microbacterium marinilacus
microbacterium maritypicum
microbacterium paludicola
microbacterium pumilum
microbacterium pygmaeum
microbacterium takaoensis
microbacterium trichothecenolyticum
microbacterium ulmi
microbacterium xinjiangensis
microbacterium xylanilyticum
microbispora rosea
microbulbifer epialgicus
microbulbifer okinawensis
micrococcus flavus
micrococcus luteus
micrococcus thailandicus
micrococcus yunnanensis
microcoleus antarcticus
microcystis panniformis
microlunatus aurantiacus
microlunatus ginsengisoli
microlunatus phosphovorus
micromonospora brunnescens
micromonospora carbonacea
micromonospora halophytica
micromonospora rifamycinica
microvirgula aerodenitrificans
microvirus enterobacteria phage phix174
mitsuaria chitosanitabida
modestobacter marinus
modestobacter versicolor
moorella glycerini
moorella mulderi
moraxella canis
moraxella catarrhalis
moraxella caviae
morganella morganii
morganella psychrotolerans
moritella japonica
moritella yayanosii
muricauda lutimaris
mycetocola lacteus
mycetocola reblochoni
mycobacterium acapulcensis
mycobacterium aemonae
mycobacterium aichiense
mycobacterium anthracenicum
mycobacterium arupense
mycobacterium barrassiae
mycobacterium brasiliensis
mycobacterium brisbanense
mycobacterium celatum
mycobacterium chitae
mycobacterium coloregonium
mycobacterium confluentis
mycobacterium doricum
mycobacterium engbaekii
mycobacterium frederiksbergense
mycobacterium fuerthensis
mycobacterium gilvum
mycobacterium hackensackense
mycobacterium heraklionense
mycobacterium holsaticum
mycobacterium houstonense
mycobacterium interjectum
mycobacterium isoniacini
mycobacterium kansasii
mycobacterium kumamotonense
mycobacterium lacticola
mycobacterium lentiflavum
mycobacterium lepromatosis
mycobacterium madagascariense
mycobacterium manitobense
mycobacterium neglectum
mycobacterium neworleansense
mycobacterium noviomagense
mycobacterium novocastrense
mycobacterium pallens
mycobacterium petroleophilum
mycobacterium pinnipedii
mycobacterium pyrenivorans
mycobacterium ratisbonense
mycobacterium rhodesiae
mycobacterium rutilum
mycobacterium senuense
mycobacterium simulans
mycobacterium smegmatis
mycobacterium tokaiense
mycobacterium ulcerans
mycobacterium vanbaalenii
mycoplasma edwardii
mycoplasma haemominutum
mycoplasma hyopharyngis
mycoplasma iguanae
mycoplasma insons
mycoplasma lipophilum
mycoplasma timone
mycoplasma verecundum
myroides injenensis
myroides odoratimimus
myroides odoratus
myroides pelagicus
myroides profundi
nannocystis pusilla
negativicoccus succinicivorans
neisseria cinerea
neisseria elongata
neisseria flavescens
neisseria lactamica
neisseria mucosa
neisseria polysaccharea
neisseria subflava
neisseria weaveri
neorickettsia helminthoeca
neptunomonas naphthovorans
nesterenkonia alba
nesterenkonia halobia
nesterenkonia lacusekhoensis
nevskia soli
niabella aurantiaca
niabella soli
niastella koreensis
niastella populi
nisaea nitritireducens
nitrincola lacisaponensis
nitrobacter alkalicus
nitrobacter hamburgensis
nitrobacter vulgaris
nitrobacter winogradskyi
nitrosococcus watsoni
nitrospira moscoviensis
nocardia alboflava
nocardia cummidelens
nocardia devorans
nocardia gamkensis
nocardia higoensis
nocardia nova
nocardia pigrifrangens
nocardia polyresistens
nocardia rhamnosiphila
nocardia roseoalba
nocardia vermiculata
nocardia xishanensis
nocardioides islandensis
nocardioides lentus
nocardioides plantarum
nocardiopsis terrae
nonomuraea asiatica
nonomuraea maheshkhaliensis
nostoc piscinale
novispirillum peregrinum
novosphingobium acidiphilum
novosphingobium aromaticivorans
novosphingobium hassiacum
novosphingobium indicum
novosphingobium lentum
novosphingobium mathurense
novosphingobium nitrogenifigens
novosphingobium stygium
novosphingobium subterraneum
novosphingobium yangbajingensis
oceanisphaera laurenciae
oceanisphaera litoralis
oceanospirillum linum
ochrobactrum anthropi
ochrobactrum pecoris
ochrobactrum pseudogrignonense
ochrobactrum rhizosphaerae
ochrobactrum thiophenivorans
odoribacter denticanis
oerskovia enterophila
oerskovia ginkgo
oerskovia paurometabola
oleomonas sagaranensis
oligella ureolytica
olivibacter ginsengisoli
olivibacter soli
olivibacter terrae
opitutus terrae
oribacterium sinus
oscillatoria corallinae
oscillospira eae
oscillospira guilliermondii
oxalobacter vibrioformis
paenibacillus caespitis
paenibacillus cellulositrophicus
paenibacillus contaminans
paenibacillus darangshiensis
paenibacillus dendritiformis
paenibacillus donghaensis
paenibacillus filicis
paenibacillus forsythiae
paenibacillus gansuensis
paenibacillus ginsengagri
paenibacillus mendelii
paenibacillus pasadenensis
paenibacillus pini
paenibacillus pinihumi
paenibacillus taiwanensis
paenibacillus thailandensis
paenibacillus vortex
paenisporosarcina macmurdoensis
paenisporosarcina quisquiliarum
parabacteroides goldsteinii
parachlamydia acanthamoebae
paracoccus aestuarii
paracoccus alkenifer
paracoccus aminovorans
paracoccus carotinifaciens
paracoccus chinensis
paracoccus homiensis
paracoccus kamogawaensis
paracoccus kocurii
paracoccus marcusii
paracoccus marinus
paracoccus sulfuroxidans
parapedobacter koreensis
paraprevotella clara
pasteurella eae
pasteurella pneumotropica
pasteuria nishizawae
patulibacter americanus
patulibacter minatonensis
pectinatus cerevisiiphilus
pediococcus acidilactici
pediococcus argentinicus
pediococcus cellicola
pediococcus stilesii
pedobacter africanus
pedobacter agri
pedobacter cryoconitis
pedobacter daejeonensis
pedobacter ginsengisoli
pedobacter hartonius
pedobacter heparinus
pedobacter himalayensis
pedobacter insulae
pedobacter koreensis
pedobacter kribbensis
pedobacter kwangyangensis
pedobacter metabolipauper
pedobacter panaciterrae
pedobacter piscium
pedobacter rhizospharae
pedobacter suwonensis
pedobacter westerhofensis
pedomicrobium australicum
pedomicrobium ferrugineum
pedomicrobium manganicum
pelagicoccus albus
pelagicoccus croceus
pelagicoccus mobilis
pelobacter acetylenicus
pelomonas puraquae
pelomonas saccharophila
pelotomaculum isophthalicicum
peptococcus niger
peptoniphilus asaccharolyticus
peptoniphilus coxii
peptoniphilus gorbachii
peptoniphilus harei
peptoniphilus indolicus
peptoniphilus ivorii
peptoniphilus lacrimalis
peptoniphilus methioninivorax
peptoniphilus olsenii
peptoniphilus tyrrelliae
peptostreptococcus anaerobius
peptostreptococcus stomatis
phaeospirillum fulvum
phascolarctobacterium faecium
phascolarctobacterium succinatutens
phenylobacterium falsum
phenylobacterium immobile
phenylobacterium koreense
phenylobacterium lituiforme
phenylobacterium mobile
phormidium murrayi
photobacterium kishitanii
phycicoccus aerophilus
phycicoccus bigeumensis
phycicoccus dokdonensis
phycicoccus jejuensis
phyllobacterium bourgognense
phyllobacterium brassicacearum
phyllobacterium catacumbae
phyllobacterium myrsinacearum
pigmentiphaga kullae
pigmentiphaga litoralis
pilimelia anulata
pilimelia columellifera
pimelobacter simplex
pirellula staleyi
planctomyces limnophilus
planctomyces maris
planifilum fimeticola
planococcus columbae
planococcus maritimus
planomicrobium chinense
planomicrobium flavidum
planomicrobium okeanokoites
planomicrobium psychrophilum
planomicrobium stackebrandtii
polaribacter butkevichii
polaromonas jejuensis
polaromonas naphthalenivorans
polaromonas vacuolata
pontibacillus halophilus
pontibacter niistensis
porphyromonas asaccharolytica
porphyromonas bennonis
porphyromonas canis
porphyromonas catoniae
porphyromonas circumdentaria
porphyromonas endodontalis
porphyromonas macacae
porphyromonas uenonis
prevotella albensis
prevotella amnii
prevotella aurantiaca
prevotella bivia
prevotella buccalis
prevotella copri
prevotella corporis
prevotella dentasini
prevotella histicola
prevotella intermedia
prevotella loescheii
prevotella maculosa
prevotella melaninogenica
prevotella multiformis
prevotella multisaccharivorax
prevotella nanceiensis
prevotella nigrescens
prevotella oris
prevotella oulorum
prevotella pallens
prevotella saccharolytica
prevotella salivae
prevotella shahii
prevotella tannerae
prevotella timonensis
prevotella veroralis
propionibacterium acidipropionici
propionibacterium acnes
propionibacterium avidum
propionibacterium granulosum
propionibacterium humerusii
propionibacterium microaerophilum
propionibacterium propionicum
propionibacterium thoenii
propionigenium modestum
propionispora hippei
propionivibrio dicarboxylicus
propionivibrio limicola
prosthecobacter debontii
prosthecobacter dejongeii
prosthecobacter fluviatilis
prosthecobacter vanneervenii
proteus hauseri
proteus mirabilis
proteus myxofaciens
proteus penneri
providencia alcalifaciens
providencia burhodogranariea
providencia heimbachae
providencia rettgeri
providencia sneebia
providencia stuartii
providencia vermicola
pseudaminobacter defluvii
pseudidiomarina donghaiensis
pseudoalteromonas byunsanensis
pseudoalteromonas denitrificans
pseudobutyrivibrio xylanivorans
pseudochrobactrum kiredjianiae
pseudochrobactrum saccharolyticum
pseudoclavibacter bifida
pseudomonas abietaniphila
pseudomonas aeruginosa
pseudomonas agarici
pseudomonas alcaligenes
pseudomonas alkylphenolia
pseudomonas amygdali
pseudomonas asplenii
pseudomonas azotifigens
pseudomonas azotoformans
pseudomonas benzenivorans
pseudomonas borealis
pseudomonas brassicacearum
pseudomonas brenneri
pseudomonas caricapapayae
pseudomonas cedrina
pseudomonas chloritidismutans
pseudomonas chlororaphis
pseudomonas cichorii
pseudomonas cinnamophila
pseudomonas clemancea
pseudomonas collierea
pseudomonas congelans
pseudomonas coronafaciens
pseudomonas corrugata
pseudomonas cremoricolorata
pseudomonas entomophila
pseudomonas fluorescens
pseudomonas fragi
pseudomonas frederiksbergensis
pseudomonas fuscovaginae
pseudomonas gessardii
pseudomonas gingeri
pseudomonas graminis
pseudomonas guineae
pseudomonas japonica
pseudomonas jessenii
pseudomonas jinjuensis
pseudomonas kilonensis
pseudomonas koreensis
pseudomonas lini
pseudomonas lundensis
pseudomonas lurida
pseudomonas lutea
pseudomonas luteola
pseudomonas mandelii
pseudomonas marginalis
pseudomonas mediterranea
pseudomonas meliae
pseudomonas mendocina
pseudomonas meridiana
pseudomonas metavorans
pseudomonas migulae
pseudomonas moorei
pseudomonas moraviensis
pseudomonas mosselii
pseudomonas mucidolens
pseudomonas nitroreducens
pseudomonas orientalis
pseudomonas oryzihabitans
pseudomonas otitidis
pseudomonas panacis
pseudomonas panipatensis
pseudomonas parafulva
pseudomonas pavonaceae
pseudomonas plecoglossicida
pseudomonas poae
pseudomonas proteolytica
pseudomonas psychrophila
pseudomonas putida
pseudomonas reactans
pseudomonas rhodesiae
pseudomonas savastanoi
pseudomonas stutzeri
pseudomonas syncyanea
pseudomonas synxantha
pseudomonas syringae
pseudomonas taetrolens
pseudomonas taiwanensis
pseudomonas teessidea
pseudomonas thermotolerans
pseudomonas tolaasii
pseudomonas tremae
pseudomonas trivialis
pseudomonas umsongensis
pseudomonas vancouverensis
pseudomonas veronii
pseudomonas viridiflava
pseudomonas xanthomarina
pseudonocardia acaciae
pseudonocardia asaccharolytica
pseudonocardia aurantiaca
pseudonocardia autotrophica
pseudonocardia babensis
pseudonocardia benzenivorans
pseudonocardia compacta
pseudonocardia hydrocarbonoxydans
pseudonocardia khuvsgulensis
pseudonocardia kongjuensis
pseudonocardia saturnea
pseudonocardia thermophila
pseudoxanthomonas indica
pseudoxanthomonas mexicana
pseudoxanthomonas sacheonensis
pseudoxanthomonas yeongjuensis
psychrobacter alimentarius
psychrobacter cibarius
psychrobacter cryohalolentis
psychrobacter faecalis
psychrobacter fozii
psychrobacter glacialis
psychrobacter glacincola
psychrobacter halophilus
psychrobacter namhaensis
psychrobacter phenylpyruvicus
psychrobacter proteolyticus
psychrobacter pulmonis
psychrobacter vallis
psychroflexus gondwanensis
psychromonas ossibalaenae
puniceicoccus vermicola
ralstonia detusculanense
ralstonia insidiosa
ramlibacter tataouinensis
rathayibacter caricis
rathayibacter tritici
reinekea aestuarii
reinekea marinisedimentorum
rheinheimera soli
rheinheimera texasensis
rhizobium alamii
rhizobium etli
rhizobium indigoferae
rhizobium lusitanum
rhizobium phaseoli
rhizobium pisi
rhizobium sullae
rhizobium tibeticum
rhodanobacter ginsenosidimutans
rhodanobacter thiooxydans
rhodobacter apigmentum
rhodobacter gluconicum
rhodobacter johrii
rhodobacter ovatus
rhodobium gokarnense
rhodococcus baikonurensis
rhodococcus coprophilus
rhodococcus equi
rhodococcus fascians
rhodococcus globerulus
rhodococcus imtechensis
rhodococcus jostii
rhodococcus kroppenstedtii
rhodococcus kyotonensis
rhodococcus maanshanensis
rhodococcus marinonascens
rhodococcus opacus
rhodococcus percolatus
rhodococcus phenolicus
rhodococcus qingshengii
rhodococcus rhodochrous
rhodococcus triatomae
rhodococcus yunnanensis
rhodocyclus purpureus
rhodoferax antarcticus
rhodoferax ferrireducens
rhodoplanes cryptolactis
rhodoplanes piscinae
rhodoplanes roseus
rhodothermus clarus
rhodovibrio sodomensis
rhodovulum iodosum
rhodovulum robiginosum
rickettsia asiatica
rickettsiella grylli
roseococcus suduntuyensis
roseococcus thiosulfatophilus
roseomonas aquatica
roseomonas lacus
roseomonas ludipueritiae
roseomonas massiliensis
roseomonas mucosa
roseomonas terpenica
roseomonas terrae
roseospira mediosalina
roseospira thiosulfatophila
roseospira visakhapatnamensis
rothia aeria
rothia dentocariosa
rothia mucilaginosa
rubellimicrobium aerolatum
rubellimicrobium mesophilum
rubellimicrobium roseum
rubrivivax benzoatilyticus
rubrivivax gelatinosus
rubrobacter taiwanensis
ruegeria lacuscaerulensis
ruegeria pomeroyi
ruminococcus gnavus
rummeliibacillus pycnus
runella limosa
saccharomonospora thermoviridis
saccharomonospora xinjiangensis
saccharopolyspora cebuensis
saccharopolyspora erythraea
saccharopolyspora flava
saccharopolyspora gloriosa
saccharopolyspora gregorii
saccharopolyspora halophila
saccharopolyspora shandongensis
saccharospirillum impatiens
saccharospirillum salsuginis
saccharothrix australiensis
salinibacterium amurskyense
salinibacterium xinjiangense
salinicoccus carnicancri
salinicoccus hispanicus
salinicoccus iranensis
salinicoccus luteus
salinicoccus salsiraiae
salinivibrio budaii
sanguibacter keddieii
sanguibacter suarezii
sarcina maxima
schlegelella aquatica
sebaldella termitidis
sedimentibacter hongkongensis
sedimentibacter hydroxybenzoicus
sedimentibacter saalensis
sediminibacillus halophilus
segetibacter aerophilus
segetibacter koreensis
selenomonas artemidis
selenomonas infelix
selenomonas noxia
serinicoccus chungangensis
serinicoccus marinus
serratia entomophila
serratia ureilytica
shewanella oneidensis
shewanella pneumatophori
shewanella profunda
shewanella upenei
shinella fusca
shinella granuli
shinella yambaruensis
sinorhizobium fredii
sinorhizobium kummerowiae
skermanella aerolata
slackia isoflavoniconvertens
slackia piriformis
sneathia sanguinegens
snowella rosea
soehngenia saccharolytica
solibacillus silvestris
solirubrobacter soli
sphaerisporangium cinnabarinum
sphaerisporangium rubeum
sphingobacterium bambusae
sphingobacterium composti
sphingobacterium daejeonense
sphingobacterium faecium
sphingobacterium kitahiroshimense
sphingobacterium mizutaii
sphingobacterium multivorum
sphingobacterium shayense
sphingobacterium thalpophilum
sphingobium abikonense
sphingobium amiense
sphingobium faniae
sphingobium japonicum
sphingobium ummariense
sphingobium yanoikuyae
sphingomonas abaci
sphingomonas aquatilis
sphingomonas asaccharolytica
sphingomonas desiccabilis
sphingomonas dokdonensis
sphingomonas echinoides
sphingomonas elodea
sphingomonas fennica
sphingomonas ginsenosidimutans
sphingomonas haloaromaticamans
sphingomonas hankookensis
sphingomonas hunanensis
sphingomonas insulae
sphingomonas japonica
sphingomonas kwangyangensis
sphingomonas leidyia
sphingomonas mali
sphingomonas melonis
sphingomonas molluscorum
sphingomonas oligophenolica
sphingomonas panni
sphingomonas phyllosphaerae
sphingomonas pruni
sphingomonas pseudosanguinis
sphingomonas roseiflava
sphingomonas sanxanigenens
sphingomonas soli
sphingomonas suberifaciens
sphingomonas wittichii
sphingomonas yabuuchiae
sphingomonas yunnanensis
sphingopyxis alaskensis
sphingopyxis chilensis
sphingopyxis ginsengisoli
sphingopyxis granuli
sphingopyxis witflariensis
spirosoma linguale
spirosoma rigui
sporanaerobacter acetigenes
sporichthya polymorpha
sporolactobacillus putidus
sporosarcina contaminans
sporosarcina ginsengisoli
sporosarcina globispora
sporosarcina luteola
sporosarcina pasteurii
sporosarcina psychrophila
sporosarcina soli
sporosarcina ureae
sporotomaculum syntrophicum
staphylococcus agnetis
staphylococcus aureus
staphylococcus auricularis
staphylococcus capitis
staphylococcus caprae
staphylococcus chromogenes
staphylococcus cohnii
staphylococcus devriesei
staphylococcus epidermidis
staphylococcus equorum
staphylococcus fleurettii
staphylococcus gallinarum
staphylococcus haemolyticus
staphylococcus hominis
staphylococcus intermedius
staphylococcus kloosii
staphylococcus lugdunensis
staphylococcus massiliensis
staphylococcus pasteuri
staphylococcus pettenkoferi
staphylococcus pseudolugdunensis
staphylococcus sciuri
staphylococcus succinus
staphylococcus warneri
staphylococcus xylosus
stenotrophomonas acidaminiphila
stenotrophomonas chelatiphaga
stenotrophomonas geniculata
stenotrophomonas humi
stenotrophomonas koreensis
stenotrophomonas maltophilia
stenotrophomonas pavanii
stenotrophomonas retroflexus
stenotrophomonas terrae
steroidobacter denitrificans
streptacidiphilus griseus
streptacidiphilus thailandensis
streptobacillus moniliformis
streptococcus alactolyticus
streptococcus anginosus
streptococcus australis
streptococcus bovis
streptococcus cristatus
streptococcus dentapri
streptococcus dentirousetti
streptococcus fryi
streptococcus gallinaceus
streptococcus gordonii
streptococcus halichoeri
streptococcus infantarius
streptococcus infantis
streptococcus intermedius
streptococcus lactarius
streptococcus milleri
streptococcus mitis
streptococcus mutans
streptococcus oligofermentans
streptococcus oralis
streptococcus orisratti
streptococcus parasanguinis
streptococcus peroris
streptococcus plurextorum
streptococcus pseudopneumoniae
streptococcus sanguinis
streptococcus sinensis
streptococcus thermophilus
streptococcus tigurinus
streptococcus troglodytae
streptococcus ursoris
streptococcus vestibularis
streptomyces albireticuli
streptomyces albus
streptomyces alni
streptomyces chartreusis
streptomyces chromofuscus
streptomyces coriofaciens
streptomyces costaricanus
streptomyces danangensis
streptomyces fumigatiscleroticus
streptomyces ginsengisoli
streptomyces kagawaensis
streptomyces kishiwadensis
streptomyces lazureus
streptomyces lucensis
streptomyces luteoverticillatus
streptomyces mirabilis
streptomyces nanchangensis
streptomyces plumbeus
streptomyces qinlingensis
streptomyces radiopugnans
streptomyces roseogilvus
streptomyces ruber
streptomyces scopiformis
streptomyces thermodiastaticus
streptomyces thermoluteus
streptomyces variegatus
streptomyces werraensis
streptomyces yunnanensis
streptosporangium brasiliense
streptosporangium purpuratum
sulfobacillus yellowstonensis
sutterella sanguinus
symbiobacterium toebii
symploca atlantica
syntrophobacter wolinii
syntrophomonas bryantii
syntrophomonas cellicola
syntrophomonas sapovorans
telmatospirillum siberiense
tenacibaculum adriaticum
tenacibaculum japonica
tenacibaculum litoreum
tenacibaculum soleae
tepidanaerobacter syntrophicus
tepidimicrobium ferriphilum
tepidimonas ignava
terracoccus luteus
terriglobus saanensis
tetragenococcus doogicus
tetrasphaera vanveenii
tetrathiobacter kashmirensis
thalassospira tepidiphila
thalassospira xianhensis
thauera mechernichensis
thauera selenatis
thauera terpenica
thermoactinomyces intermedius
thermoanaerobacter inferii
thermoanaerobacter kivui
thermoanaerobacter sulfurigignens
thermoanaerobacterium islandicum
thermobacillus xylanilyticus
thermobaculum terrenum
thermodesulfatator atlanticus
thermodesulfovibrio aggregans
thermodesulfovibrio thiophilus
thermogemmatispora foliorum
thermogemmatispora onikobensis
thermomonas brevis
thermomonas dokdonensis
thermomonas haemolytica
thermosipho ferriphilus
thermovenabulum ferriorganovorum
thermus rehai
thioalkalimicrobium sibiricum
thioalkalivibrio jannaschii
thiobacillus sajanensis
thiobacillus thiophilus
thiobacter subterraneus
thiohalorhabdus denitrificans
thiomonas perometabolis
thiomonas thermosulfata
thiorhodococcus mannitoliphagus
thiorhodococcus pfennigii
thiothrix caldifontis
thiothrix fructosivorans
tindallia magadiensis
tolumonas auensis
trabulsiella guamensis
trabulsiella odontotermitis
treponema calligyrum
treponema paraluiscuniculi
treponema porcinum
treponema succinifaciens
treponema zioleckii
trichodesmium havanum
trichodesmium tenue
turicibacter sanguinis
uliginosibacterium gangwonense
ureibacillus terrenus
ureibacillus thermophilus
vagococcus carniphilus
vagococcus fluvialis
vagococcus lutrae
vagococcus penaei
vagococcus salmoninarum
vagococcus teuberi
variovorax boronicumulans
variovorax dokdonensis
variovorax ginsengisoli
variovorax paradoxus
variovorax soli
veillonella atypica
veillonella denticariosi
veillonella dispar
veillonella montpellierensis
veillonella parvula
vibrio caribbenthicus
vibrio litoralis
vibrio pommerensis
vibrio porteresiae
virgibacillus byunsanensis
virgibacillus salexigens
virgisporangium aliadipatigenens
virgisporangium ochraceum
viridibacillus arvi
viridibacillus neidei
vogesella perlucida
wautersiella falsenii
weissella hanii
weissella koreensis
weissella minor
weissella salipiscis
williamsia marianensis
williamsia maris
williamsia muralis
williamsia serinedens
wohlfahrtiimonas chitiniclastica
xanthobacter polyaromaticivorans
xanthobacter tagetidis
xanthobacter viscosus
xanthomonas albilineans
xanthomonas oryzae
xanthomonas sacchari
xenophilus azovorans
yersinia frederiksenii
yersinia kristensenii
yersinia massiliensis
yersinia nurmii
yersinia ruckeri
yonghaparkia alkaliphila
zhihengliuella salsuginis
zhouia amylolytica
zobellia laminariae
